hey guys I'm gonna do a demo of a new
guitar I just got it's a Bernie Rico
junior custom-made Jekyll 7 has a small
maple top mahogany body and a rosewood
neck
evany fretboard no markers markers on
the top here bare knuckle aftermath
pickups 3-way tone control and pickup
selector and volume knob hip shot bridge
yeah so first time trying one of these
and I'm very impressed it's unbelievable
actually the quality of the guitar the
craftsmanship has just is just
unbelievable and I'm extremely happy
with it so I'm running this through my
axe FX through my monitor speakers I'm
using a 5150 setting and it's pretty
much set up like a genteel type KT
setting but yeah so I'll just give you a
little taste of what this thing sounds
like
great thing about these pickups is you
can just hear everything I I've been
using the mgs for a while and first time
using the bare knuckles and it's just
they're they're very different from the
EMG 's and they're just they're super
cool there take a little bit more of a
strum to get the sound out but that's
it's cool you got more articulation and
a little bit more Headroom with that
yeah here every single note
a little lead setting fractal studio
lead to just I switched it up a little
bit I added some of my own effects to it
and EQ the amp a little bit differently
than a set
it's it's cool because the bridge pickup
is a little bit almost here's less gamey
err than the neck pickup and it seems
the neck pickup has a little bit more of
an output I don't know if I if they were
voice differently or what
yeah so that's it at my party Rico jr.
custom Jekyll 724